application: serial_lte_modem: Add TFTP client (#9624)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: applications/serial_lte_modem/doc/FTP_AT_commands.rst

------------

The test command is not supported.

TFTP client #XTFTP
==================

The ``#XTFTP`` command allows you to send TFTP commands.

   .. note::

>       The maximum size of a file supported is 2100 bytes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      The maximum supported file size is 2100 bytes.
```

      TFTP write request is not supported yet.

Set command
-----------

The set command allows you to send TFTP commands based on RFC1350.

Syntax
~~~~~~

::

   AT#XTFTP=<op>,<url>,<port>,<file_path>[,<mode>]

* The ``<op>`` parameter can accept one of the following values:

>   * ``1`` - TFTP read request using IP protocol family version 4.
>   * ``2`` - TFTP write request using IP protocol family version 4 (currently not supported).
>   * ``3`` - TFTP read request using IP protocol family version 6.
>   * ``4`` - TFTP write request using IP protocol family version 6 (currently not supported).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * ``1`` - TFTP read request using IP protocol family version 4.
  * ``3`` - TFTP read request using IP protocol family version 6.
  * *Currently not supported:* ``2`` - TFTP write request using IP protocol family version 4.
  * *Currently not supported:* ``4`` - TFTP write request using IP protocol family version 6.
```
I'm not sure if we even need to include the values that are currently not supported. But if they are included, it's better to start with the "not supported" text so it stands out more.

* The ``<url>`` parameter is a string.
  It indicates the hostname or the IP address of the TFTP server.
  Its maximum size is 128 bytes.
  When the parameter is an IP address, it supports both IPv4 and IPv6.
* The ``<port>`` parameter is an unsigned 16-bit integer (0 - 65535).
  It represents the TFTP service port on the remote server.

>   Default port 69 is applied if this parameter is omitted or set to 0.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Default port 69 is applied if this parameter is omitted or set to ``0``.
```

* The ``<file_path>`` parameter is a string.

>   It indicates the filepath on TFTP server to read from or write to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  It indicates the file path on the TFTP server to read from or write to.
```

  Its maximum size is 128 bytes.
* The ``<mode>`` parameter is a string.
  It indicates the three modes defined in TFTP protocol.

>   Valid values are "netascii", "octet" and "mail".

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Valid values are ``netascii``, ``octet`` and ``mail``.
```

>   Default value "octet" is applied if this parameter is omitted.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  The default value ``octet`` is applied if this parameter is omitted.
```

Response syntax
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

::

   #XTFTP: <size>, "success"
   <data>

   #XTFTP: <error>, "<error_msg>"

* The ``<size>`` value is an integer.
  When positive, it indicates the size of data in bytes read from TFTP server.
* The ``<data>`` value is the arbitrary data read from TFTP server.
* The ``<error>`` value is an integer.

>   It is negative integer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  It is a negative integer indicating the error code.
```

>   It is a negative integer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  It is a negative integer based on the type of error.
```

> * The ``<error_msg>`` value is an string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The ``<error_msg>`` value is a string.
```

>   It is the description of the ``<error>`` code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  It is the description of the error code.
```

Reviewer: If we want to keep it, then it could be formed like this:
```suggestion
  It is the description that corresponds to the ``<error>`` value.
```
